Wildcard Subdomains Documentation (#416)
NebulousLabs/skynet-webportal: setup-scripts/README.md

1. `docker-compose up -d` to restart the services so they pick up new env variables
1. `docker exec caddy caddy reload --config /etc/caddy/Caddyfile` to reload Caddyfile configuration

## Subdomains

It might prove useful for certain skapps to be accessible through a custom
subdomain. So instead of being accessed through `https://portal/[skylink]`, it
would be accessible through `https://[skylink_base32].portal`. We call this
subdomains and it is made possible by encoding Skylinks using a base32 encoding.

> You can convert Skylinks, are see how we do the encoding, using this [

Reviewer: Typo. `and`?

> would be accessible through `https://[skylink_base32].portal`. We call this
> subdomains and it is made possible by encoding Skylinks using a base32 encoding.
> You can convert Skylinks, are see how we do the encoding, using this [
> converter
> skapp](https://siasky.net/_AIPM3F3T2MJ93q3TD2QqoKnSaXv2kMc-tQBAs-stDGa0w/) To
> configure this on your portal, you have to make sure to configure the
> following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
would be accessible through `https://[skylink_base32].portal`. You need to use
base32 encoded skylink because subdomains are case insensitive and passing
regular skylink will not work. You can convert using this [converter skapp](https://siasky.net/_AIPM3F3T2MJ93q3TD2QqoKnSaXv2kMc-tQBAs-stDGa0w/).

To configure this on your portal, you have to make sure to configure the
following:
```

1. `docker-compose up -d` to restart the services so they pick up new env variables
1. `docker exec caddy caddy reload --config /etc/caddy/Caddyfile` to reload Caddyfile configuration

## Subdomains

It might prove useful for certain skapps to be accessible through a custom
subdomain. So instead of being accessed through `https://portal/[skylink]`, it
would be accessible through `https://[skylink_base32].portal`. We call this
subdomains and it is made possible by encoding Skylinks using a base32 encoding.
We have to use a base32 encoding scheme because subdomains have to be all lower
case and the base64 encoded Skylink is case sensitive and thus might contain
uppercase characters.

You can convert Skylinks using this [converter
skapp](https://siasky.net/hns/convert-skylink/), to
see how the encoding and decoding works, please follow the link to the repo in

> the application itself. To configure this on your portal, you have to make sure to configure the
> following:
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the application itself. 

To configure this on your portal, you have to make sure to configure the following:

```
